I'm going to give up on piano and everything else.
I don't need his help.
I'm okay. I'm really okay, so don't give up on piano.
I'll go talk to the prosecutor tomorrow and try everything I can.
Please stop begging!
Hong Joo.
Oh, no. Hong Joo, what do we do?
Oh, no. What am I supposed to do?
What do we do?
No!
(Episode 7)
Hey.
Someone repeatedly appears in my dream.
How should I interpret this?
There's only one way to explain that. It's love sickness.
Who is the girl?
Seung Won. Seung Won!
It's not a girl. It's mostly a man.
Is... Is that what you like?
What do you mean?
No, it's not like what you think.
Is that so?
Then why does the man keep appearing in your dream?
I don't know.
But do you know what's more absurd?
What is it?
I feel like the dream will really come true.
Have you gone mad?
Maybe you're not feeling so well.
I'll treat you some meat later.
Let's go have pork belly meat.
It's okay.
I feel like I'm going to meet someone.
You feel like?
I'm curious.
I'm curious of one little detail I changed.
Will that little detail...
be able to prevent something horrible...
that's going to happen soon?
Don't worry so much.
I didn't tell Mr. Park that I'm meeting you two here.
Why did you come see us?
Let me be honest.
I'm a lawyer who used to be a prosecutor.
I dealt with many similar cases when I was a prosecutor.
At first, I wanted to get better performance reviews,
so I always prosecuted the offenders.
Just like Prosecutor Jung Jae Chan.
But I've changed.
I don't care whether Mr. Park goes to jail or not.
But you two are the ones I care about.
If this case is put on a trial,
Mr. Park will stop supporting you financially right away.
So Yoon's career as a pianist and major competitions will all be gone.
Your daughter will lose her talent, future, and everything else.
I can't bear to hear you talk rubbish anymore.
Do you think she can't survive without her husband?
Don't be scared.
After you get divorced, divide the property...
and receive child support expenses from him.
That's right. The documents are ready too.
Do you think Mr. Park isn't even ready for those?
I'm not sure, but he must have hidden all his property...
under someone else's name or siphoned off everything to overseas.
He could have prepared to not give even a penny to you when divorced.
With Mr. Park and So Yoon's reputation,
your trial will be exposed to media for certain.
Whenever people watch So Yoon's performance,
they will think of her convicted dad.
Mr. Park is not the one who will lose everything after the trial.
It's you two.
That's why I gave him the consent form not to prosecute him.
What more can I do from here?
Prosecutor Jang will prosecute him anyway, ignoring that consent form.
You have to do more. You have to beg him if you need to.
It's for your daughter.
Then what's to come next?
My dad will be released...
and the horrible days will return.
It'll be different this time.
This is the letter of apology your dad wrote.
You'll notice how he's changed after you read it.
I'm going to give up on piano and everything else.
I don't need his help.
I don't need this either.
I'll go talk to the prosecutor.
Mom.
I'm okay. I'm really okay, so don't give up on piano.
I'll go talk to the prosecutor tomorrow and try everything I can.
Please stop begging!
There's no need for that.
Jae Chan.
I think this case is an injury case.
I'm going to prosecute him no matter how much you cry.
I definitely will.
I've read through Mr. Park's letter of apology,
but nothing has changed from his last letter of apology.
He's either not too creative, or he's never changed.
"I will never let this happen if you let me go this time."
It's the same line as the one from four months ago.
And the same thing happened again.
Goodness, there's another same line here.
"I'll slip out of my old skin and become a new man."
You know, humans don't slip out of their skins.
Only snakes do.
Snakes become bigger and creepier as they slip out of their old skins.
Please leave the table, Prosecutor Jang.
I'm here to give them my advice.
That's not an advice, but a threat.
Go give Mr. Park an advice since he's the one you care about.
Tell him to confess, and I'll see if I can have mercy on him.
Don't cry. Don't be scared either.
I know this man well. He knows he'll lose if we follow the laws,
so he came to bluff like a tiger,
but he's only a cat.
What I mean is, we can just follow the laws.
You have to be firm on him, so he doesn't bother you again.
Don't worry. I'll make sure to protect your mother.
How childish.
I'm not a kid.
Why did you bring up a tiger and a cat?
I'm sorry. What I meant was...
It's okay.
I understood it all right.
- What happened? - Goodness.
What do we do? She's bleeding.
Gosh, what do we do?
My goodness, this is horrible.
The little detail I changed stopped something horrible from happening.
I'll wash them, so you can go inside.
You can't hurt your hands.
That'd be better.
Then I wouldn't need to play the piano,
and my mom won't have to get hit and cry.
That'd be better.
So what? Were you going to stab your hand with a chopstick?
Yes.
I can live without a piano,
but I can't live without my mom.
I know how you feel.
What do you know?
I do know. I completely know how you feel.
You don't. You completely don't know how I feel.
What... What is it?
I should help them as a neighbor when they're busy.
I noticed it when you gave them rice cakes when we first moved here.
I noticed you love your neighbors very much.
You're such a sweet and righteous man.
That's because I take after you.
Me? Why?
You better keep that promise you made to So Yoon.
I believe in you.
Take off that apron.
Two servings of pork belly meat and doenjang jjigae.
That's 32 dollars. Are you paying by card?
Yes.
- That's a relief. - What?
I mean... Just everything.
Mr. Han Woo Tak, this is not a coincidence, is it?
How you met me earlier and brought me here.
And Yu Beom being here. You knew all that, didn't you?
I'll answer you.
Only if you treat the next round.
I mean, shouldn't this be an even deal?
I treated you to pork belly meat and doenjang jjigae.
And you're being this petty?
Look. I'm not going to consider this as the next round.
Stop bluffing and answer me.
How can you explain what happened today?
You might think I'm a crazy man if you hear this.
Honestly, I can't believe this situation myself.
Actually,
I've seen what happened earlier in my dream.
Gosh. You dream such things too?
Hold on. What do you mean? You do too?
I have such dreams too.
I dream about what's going to happen later in reality.
No way.
I had that dream of what happened on the Valentine's day,
so I could prevent the accident.
This is unbelievable.
Is this a common thing?
Well, I'm not really sure about that.
She is one of us too.
What?
(Episode 7: A Few Good Men)
Is this a transferrable disease?
I don't know.
I haven't figured out why this happens.
Is there anyone else who has such dreams other than us?
No. I've been having such dreams for a long time.
I've never seen anyone else except you two.
Then there must be a common base among us.
We all were born in the same year.
There are so many people who were born that year.
What's your blood type?
- B type. - O type.
Which month were you born?
- April. - September.
That's not it then.
Hold on. Stop. This must be it.
We all lick off from the cover.
Amazing.
Everyone in our country does except for the super riches.
Is that so?
Hold on. If all of this is true,
we are like heroes.
We stopped your brother from doing stupid things because of Mr. Park.
We also saved your hand.
Think of it the other way.
If we didn't stop all those, horrible things would have happened.
And Park Jun Mo case isn't even over yet.
That'll be over once Prosecutor Jung gets him prosecuted.
You're confident to keep that promise, right?
I'll look forward to it.
You don't have to.
Why did you follow us to the convenience store?
Oh, right. I had something to tell you.
If you're going to tell me that you'll look forward to it,
you believe me, or I should keep the promise, don't say it.
I've heard enough.
I especially don't want to hear those from you.
That's not it.
Open your coat wide as a way of promoting our store...
so that people can see the apron well.
(Hong Joo Samgyeopsal)
Gosh.
Why don't you want to hear people say they'll look forward to it?
That's their way of supporting you.
It's more like a threat.
It means they'll get disappointed...
if I fail to save people.
So you don't want to disappoint people.
Wait.
Then why is it me?
Why don't you want to especially disappoint me?
You're on it again.
I don't want to disappoint anyone, even the dogs on the street.
I think I get what you mean.
I have this ability to understand...
even the most complicated things.
Gosh. Complicated, my foot.
Goodness.
Why does she have to understand it so well?
He's leaving.
Hey, why do we have to hide?
It's not like we did something.
I just didn't want him to misunderstand us.
Gosh.
Where is your brother going at this hour?
I think he's going to work.
At this hour? Why does he have to?
I'm not sure.
He probably doesn't want to disappoint anyone.
[VIU Ver] E07 While You Were Sleeping "A Few Good Men"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Good morning.
Why did you stop midway?
What's he doing?
I wouldn't have stopped midway if I knew that.
- Good morning. - Have you stayed up to work?
Of course. What else would I have done here?
Oh, Ms. Moon. Could you borrow all the previous records of Park Jun Mo?
Park Jun Mo again?
I think I've become best friends with Park Jun Mo now.
Mr. Choi, let's go investigate the scene with me.
- The scene? - I want to go alone too,
but it's the right procedure to go together. I'll do the investigation.
- Let's go. - All right.
Why are we investigating the scene?
I took off my underclothes.
Let me borrow your lotion.
Why do you have to apply it?
Prosecutor Jung, wait up!
I'm tired of them.
Are you drawing it?
- Yes. - Goodness. You're good.
Thank you.
What's the fifth number?
It's number 27 on the red ball.
The sixth ball is...
number 33 on the grey one.
Gosh. Nothing works for me.
- The bonus ball is number 16. - Nothing works.
Congratulations to those who got the right numbers.
Can I see the admissions made on February 10?
It's numbers 45, 15, 35, 43, 27,
33, and 16. Congratulations.
I can't believe it's morning already.
Have some breakfast before you go. I made an egg rice.
I can't. I'm too busy.
I'll get going.
Darn it.
Woo Bin, is it good?
I think this would taste better than mine if I add some seasoning.
You make monkfish jjim at home?
I've been dying to make it at home,
but there are just two of us, so I couldn't.
But I made it because there are four of us today.
We have something to celebrate too.
Celebrate? What is it?
Today, we got a call from Evan Foundation.
They wanted to support So Yoon.
Really? Then are you going to study abroad?
Well, I can go if nothing else happens.
I think we can go into our house within this week.
Oh, right. You told me this week is the last week for investigation.
Prosecutor Jung called me earlier.
He told me that Jun Mo won't be released easily this time.
He told me not to worry much.
My gosh. He's such a sweet person.
He even gave you a call?
Yes, he did. He's so trustable.
I know, right? He is a decent man.
He's also very competent.
Thank you.
We're here. Get up.
Thanks.
If you're grateful, then get up. Hurry now.
Mr. Jung Jae Chan.
You must have had a dream.
What did you dream about?
Did you dream about something that's going to happen later?
- No, I didn't - Then what was it?
Press the bell. We have to get off here.
This station is Prosecutors' Office.
Please get off safely.
Ms. Nam, what do you do for living?
Don't you have a job?
Wait, are you finally interested in me?
That interest will lead to love interest.
Are you going to take that typical procedure?
Then I'd love to be a part of it.
Be a part of what?
I asked you because you follow me around every day.
But this is only the second time.
- Do you want it every day? - No, I don't.
I don't want it at all, but you always follow me around.
There's a reason I do that.
A reason?
I dreamed of you, and you ended up sleeping until the last stop.
You were super late, so you got scolded by your boss.
I'm sorry I'm late.
It's almost lunch time and you're here now?
You're going to have a rough day because of Park Jun Mo’s case.
I followed you to save the trouble of getting scolded.
A rough day?
I won't allow that.
I couldn't sleep more than 5 hours for the last 4 days...
because I had to deal with the cases I couldn't deal with.
If I finish Park Jun Mo case today, we'll be able to prosecute him.
In the term of baseball, I'd call it a cold game.
Why are you making that face again?
Did you have a bad dream?
No, I didn't.
Then don't make such a serious face.
It makes me anxious. I'm going.
Mr. Jung Jae Chan.
What again?
You can do it!
- You can do it. - I told you not to support me.
I don't think I need to go to the Prosecutor's Office for questioning.
Why has this gotten so big?
I can't do anything about it because your wife wants you to be punished.
You have to answer them.
I don't think just one will do.
You're weaker than I thought.
It's my first time in the Prosecutors' Office.
We have the original files of the CCTV footages.
We also bribed the doctor who wrote the medical report.
We're ready for everything. Why are you so worried?
Other lawyers can't even say much when they're in the Prosecutors' Office.
I'm different. If anything happens, I can cover for you.
So don't worry.
- Let's go. - I'm not worried.
I know how meticulous your work style is.
Hold on.
You can relax.
You're not guilty, are you?
Of course not.
Don't be too relaxed.
You look too shameless.
Gosh, it's so difficult.
(Police Station)
The common factor among the three of us is that we were born in 1988.
Our birthdays and blood types don't match.
We're good looking.
- That place makes nice japchae. - Right.
Hey, you can go have lunch now.
- Yes, sir. - Where is Chief Oh, by the way?
He went to the Prosecutors' Office as a witness for Park Jun Mo case.
Chief Oh is so weak-hearted. He should be strong there.
Then you're going to have lunch alone, Lieutenant Han.
Do you want me to go along?
I had a small lunch, so...
No, it's okay. I think I'm going to meet someone.
Oh, right. I knew that was going to happen.
(Hong Joo Samgyeopsal)
Excuse me.
- My goodness. - You're that guy.
You're the one who found my cell phone, aren't you?
Yes, I am. Hello.
What are you doing? Why don't you go in?
- Well, I just... - Come on.
Okay.
I heard that the highest level of eating alone is...
grilling meat, isn't that right?
Yes, you're right. I loved the meat last time I came.
It tasted like the meal my mom prepared for me.
Okay, I got you.
Stop flattering me.
What's the purpose of your visit?
There's none. I really love the food here.
- Hong Joo. - Hey.
Are you here to have lunch?
What? Yes, I am.
You're having pork belly meat alone?
Yes, I love having pork belly meat alone during lunch time.
You're unique.
Hong Joo, I'm going to organize things. You grill the meat for him.
Okay.
Let's eat together. I ordered two portions.
How about we have a party later in the evening?
Let's make Prosecutor Jung treat us.
I can't let that happen. He must be feeling awful later.
Why is that? Isn't today the last day of investigation on Park Jun Mo?
I had a dream about it, and the investigation is all ruined.
He won't be prosecuted.
So we can't have a party, unless we're going to console him.
I had the opposite dream.
In my dream, Prosecutor Jung prosecuted Park Jun Mo well.
And Park Jun Mo begged him.
Really?
Mr. Park Jun Mo.
You said this in last year's investigation.
"It's all because of my wife who deserves the beating."
In that case,
is it the women's fault when perverts take their photos?
Is it the victims' fault if they get their money stolen by a thief?
Then...
even if I do anything to you in here,
it'll be your fault for saying wrong things.
It'll be your fault.
It's your fault.
Is that too rude?
It is in your fault.
That's too awkward.
Is there anything that's more impressive?
I need to say something more impressive.
What on earth is he doing?
What's he doing? It's not like the old days.
Look at him. Is he a royal inspector or something?
He doesn't know that we are sitting here, does he?
Well, he wouldn't do that if he knew.
He's only doing that because he wants to do well.
Let's just pretend we didn't see anything.
Even if he does that, Park Jun Mo won't confess.
Raise your hand if you think he won't be prosecuted.
Oh, my. Goodness, look at him.
(Episode 8 will air shortly.)